First check GitHub origin main against the local to ensure that all changes are merged and pulled then push any local uncommitted files are on main origin
Continue building upon all of the currently identified tasks or plans, step by step once completed with any of the existing tasks review all of the project/repository/REPL documentation to ensure that all of the necessary work has been finished, create new tasks to address any incomplete or lacking maturity or weaknesses

Using {{"replit-type": "connector", "id": "conn_github_01KX7RJCE3CJREA7XFQ5NTVHPD", "name": "GitHub", "status": "connected"}} to push and pull and or merge to ensure that all changes are committed from local to main origin to prevent issues like 

A Git Error
PUSH_REJECTED
The push was rejected by the remote. This is usually because the remote has commits that aren't in the local repository.

Reminder 
The current GITHUB_PAT is scoped to allow workflow



————

GITHUB CONNECTOR: {"replit-type": "connector", "id": "conn_github_01KX7RJCE3CJREA7XFQ5NTVHPD", "name": "GitHub", "status": "connected"}

GIT EXECUTION SAFEGUARDS (apply to every git command in every phase below)
- Set GIT_TERMINAL_PROMPT=0 before any git command so a credential prompt fails fast instead of hanging.
- Wrap every network git command in a timeout, e.g. `timeout 60 git fetch origin` / `timeout 60 git pull origin main` / `timeout 60 git push origin main`.
- Pass --no-edit on any merge so git never opens an interactive commit editor.
- If a command times out, report the exact command and elapsed time. Retry once. If it times out a second time, stop and report rather than attempting a third time, restarting the Repl, or working around it silently.
- Never force-push (--force or --force-with-lease) without explicit confirmation from me first.

PHASE 1 — SYNC AUDIT (mandatory first step, do not skip or combine with Phase 2)
1. `timeout 60 git fetch origin` to get current remote state without merging.
2. `git status` to check for uncommitted local changes.
3. `git log HEAD..origin/main --oneline` to check whether origin/main has commits not present locally.
4. `git log origin/main..HEAD --oneline` to check whether local has commits not yet pushed.
5. Report all four results before taking any reconciliation action:
   - Uncommitted local files: yes/no, list them
   - Commits on origin not local: count and list
   - Commits local not on origin: count and list
6. If both origin-ahead and local-ahead are non-zero (diverged history), stop and wait for my confirmation on merge vs rebase before proceeding. Do not auto-resolve a real divergence.

PHASE 2 — RECONCILE
7. If origin is ahead only: `timeout 60 git pull origin main` (should fast-forward cleanly).
8. If local is ahead only: stage and commit any uncommitted files with a clear, specific commit message describing what changed and why, then `timeout 60 git push origin main`.
9. If push returns PUSH_REJECTED: do not force-push. Run `timeout 60 git pull origin main --rebase`. If rebase conflicts are non-trivial, fall back to a regular merge with --no-edit, resolve conflicts, verify the app still runs, then push again.
10. If a push fails on a permissions/auth error rather than divergence, report the exact error text. Note that GITHUB_PAT is scoped to allow workflow; do not assume this covers every operation, check the actual error before retrying.
11. After reconciliation, confirm local HEAD and origin/main are at the same commit hash. Report this hash as confirmation before moving to Phase 3.

PHASE 3 — RESUME BUILD
12. Once sync is confirmed clean, resume work on all currently identified open tasks, in the order they're tracked in this repo's authoritative source (todo list, project board, or task file, whichever applies here).
13. Work step by step, one task at a time. Do not batch unrelated changes into a single commit.
14. Commit after each discrete task completes, with a commit message describing that specific change.
15. Report progress after each completed task, not just at the end of the phase.

PHASE 4 — DOCUMENTATION AND MATURITY REVIEW
16. Once all currently identified tasks are complete, review all project/repo/Repl documentation (README, ARCHITECTURE, CONTRIBUTING, inline code comments, .replit config, any ADRs or design notes) against the actual current state of the code.
17. Identify concrete gaps: missing documentation, documentation that no longer matches implementation, undocumented features or endpoints, weak or missing error handling, missing test coverage, incomplete edge-case handling, or unresolved TODOs in code.
18. For each gap found, create a new task that states the weakness, the specific fix required, and why it matters. Do not create vague tasks like "improve X"; each must be actionable.
19. Add these new tasks to the same authoritative task source used in Phase 3.

REPORTING
Report back at the end of each phase (1 through 4), not just once at the very end. Each phase report should state what was checked, what was found, and what action was taken or is pending my input.
